Deprecate time iota ms (#5792)
tendermint/tendermint: CHANGELOG_PENDING.md

- [blockchain/v0] \#5741 Relax termination conditions and increase sync timeout (@melekes)
- [cli] \#5772 `gen_node_key` output now contains node ID (`id` field) (@melekes)
- [blockchain/v2] \#5774 Send status request when new peer joins (@melekes)

> - [consensus] \#5792 Makes the `time_iota_ms` consensus parameter unused, to reduce bug surface. (@valardragon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [consensus] \#5792 Deprecates the `time_iota_ms` consensus parameter, to reduce the bug surface. The parameter is no longer used. (@valardragon)
```
